You guys should eat and drink.
Nothing.
Okay, thank you Mr. Long. Thank you Mr. Long.
Last month.
Just mentioned a car to test drive this batch.
Anywhere is good, just a little bit.
If it's too hard to put in the bag, I'm afraid.
Boss, this car isn't cheap, is it?
Price 350
Also missing 100.
1 million, our captain.
Now director of Huada Financial.
only 1 million
It's not the money.
so annoying
Who told you?
The captains are all brothers.
Classmate
Trouble is coming.
Do you have a big face or something?
My group's department
What side do you use to lead others?
Brothers are brothers.
You learn a game
The past can be gone.
Moreover, Tran Pham came just in time this time.
I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to you.
Okay.
You blew that bottle of wine.
In front of everyone.
Shout out, I'm an idiot.
I will take it.
Ha ha ha
Long ca this will be too much.
And do you have any part to talk about?
Do you have no eyes?
You don't know Long ca and Tran Pham have problems going to school.
What problem can I have with him?
What beard?
Never happened to me either.
Mr. Long.
We are all brothers.
If not brother take a step back.
Who is your brother?
You really know how to put gold on your face.
Be my brother.
She is sick.